Replace ursadb-cli (Python client) with ursacli (native client shipped with UrsaDB) (#93)
CERT-Polska/mquery: README.md

For more options see our [installation manual](./INSTALL.md).

After you start the system, you should index some files. Use `ursacli`:

```
$ sudo docker-compose exec ursadb ursacli
[2020-04-13 23:25:49.597] [info] Connected to UrsaDB v1.3.0 (connection id: 006B8B4569)
ursadb> index "/mnt/samples";
```

> Note that `/mnt/samples` refers to `./samples` relative to the repository root.

Reviewer: I think that this is not necessarily true, in case the user has modified the default config.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In a default docker-compose deployment, `/mnt/samples` point to `./samples` directory relative to the repository root.
```
